DOCS-Add-nftables-known-issue (#1249)
tigera/docs: calico_versioned_docs/version-3.27/release-notes/index.mdx

 - eBPF: handles IPv4 packets with IP options. XDP only does so in kernels 5.18+ it drops them in older kernels. [calico #7701](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/pull/7701) (@tomastigera)
 - eBPF - only report errors setting /proc/sys/net/../accept_local etc. if the device is present [calico #7631](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/pull/7631) (@tomastigera)

## Known issues

> - Calico panics if kube-proxy or other components are using nftable mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calico panics if kube-proxy or other components are using native `nftables` rules instead of the `iptables-nft` compatibility shim.
```

>    Until Kubernetes nftables mode is fully released (currently in Alpha v1.29), we recommend that you use iptables-nft for all your components (rather a mix of legacy iptables and nftables) for production environments. Although using a mix of Calico iptables and nftables does not fail (assuming your kernel supports both), the behaviour is confusing, and policies may not be properly enforced because nftables can "undo" the verdict made by iptables-legacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Until Calico supports native nftables mode, we recommend that you continue to use the iptables-nft compatibility layer for all components.  (This was the only option before Kubernetes v1.29 added alpha-level `nftables` support.)
   
    Do not run calico in "legacy" iptables mode on a system that is also  using `nftables`.  While this combination does not panic or fail (at least on kernels that support both), the interaction between `iptables` "legacy" mode and `nftables` is confusing: both `iptables` and `nftables` rules can be executed on the same packet, leading to policy verdicts being "overturned". 
```
